1. adjust stock page to allow -/+ to be clicked a few times before triggering autosave. When either has been clicked once (when stock level has been adjusted), a new "save" or "update" button - same horizontal level as "Card Inventory Management" but on the opposite side - appears and is how the user triggers the save for any changes.

2. Cards that are considered "low stock" should also appear in filters for "in stock".

3. expand inventory dashboard page to allow for adding/amending/removing sealed products, accessories and 3d prints. Remove single cards all together from this page as they are handled separately.

4. add shopping basket, checkout features - utilise free 3rd party services. This includes selecting a quantity and "add to basket" button on in stock items.

5. check "contact us" page works with netlify function - change to something else if required.

6. remove "notify me" from contact page

7. Does jsonbin allow for sealed products, accessories and 3d prints - preferably all one file, or not? What's best practice (consider implications on dashboard page).

8. investigate methods to autonomously lookup market values for single cards (cardmarket, ebay, etc.) and make suggested price changes to help maintain competitive pricing. (also present this information to the user?)

9. add user logins and virtual wishlist features. track user spend habits.

10. add feature to expand card art to full screen (modal?) when clicked.

11. provide method for logged in users to import a decklist from somewhere like piltoverarchive.com to create a shopping list of required items. User can access their lists and check off cards they own, be provided with a quick method for adding in stock cards from their wishlist to their shopping basket, as well as getting alerts for cards in their wishlist that are currently out-of-stock.

12. price alerts for logged in users - set a desired price for a card, get alerted when that price is met or undercut.


Later on:
1. for items that are out-of-stock, replace the "add to basket" button with a "notify me" button. user can enter email for that specific product or utilise login details to create a virtual wishlist (features not yet implemented) 
